 Assignments to the 'optionsCountry' variable from inside React Hook useMemo will be lost after each render. To preserve the value over time, store it in a useRef Hook and keep the mutable value in the '.current' property. Otherwise, you can move this variable directly inside useMemo  react-hooks/exhaustive-deps
  Line 112:20:  Assignments to the 'optionsState' variable from inside React Hook useMemo will be lost after each render. To preserve the value over time, store it in a useRef Hook and keep the mutable value in the '.current' property. Otherwise, you can move this variable directly inside useMemo    react-hooks/exhaustive-deps
  Line 119:18:  Assignments to the 'optionsVenue' variable from inside React Hook useMemo will be lost after each render. To preserve the value over time, store it in a useRef Hook and keep the mutable value in the '.current' property. Otherwise, you can move this variable directly inside useMemo    react-hooks/exhaustive-deps
  Line 127:19:  Assignments to the 'optionsEvent' variable from inside React Hook useMemo will be lost after each render. To preserve the value over time, store it in a useRef Hook and keep the mutable value in the '.current' property. Otherwise, you can move this variable directly inside useMemo    react-hooks/exhaustive-deps
  Line 146:6:   React Hook useEffect has missing dependencies: 'inputValues' and 'onfilter'. Either include them or remove the dependency array. If 'onfilter' changes too often, find the parent component that defines it and wrap that definition in useCallback    


   React Hook useEffect has missing dependencies: 'filterHandle' and 'formValues'. Either include them or remove the dependency array. If 'filterHandle' changes 
too often, find the parent component that defines it and wrap that definition in useCallback   